>> Kyle Simpson: We're good
with the server for right now.
Let's switch over to our Ex5 web js file.
I filled some of this out for you, but
you're gonna do a little part of this.
>> Kyle Simpson: The getRecords function,
that's gonna be called.
It's already linked up
with a click handler.
That's gonna be called when that
button on the page gets called.
And what you need to do is make a fetch
request to our server endpoint.
Remember how we were doing fetch before
with,
>> Kyle Simpson: If you haven't used fetch
before, it looks like this,
where you give it a url.
And you can await the response
from the url, and
then await the JSON on that response.
And once you've got the JSON, you should
be able to pass it to renderRecords,
which will produce some inner HTML for
you.
It'll produce the inner HTML
to print it to the screen.
This is basically like our console.table
that we did in the previous exercise.
>> Kyle Simpson: So try your hand
at writing this fetch code to
grab the JSON data from our endpoint.